[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Jason
Quitt is back with us today.
And today we're
going to be talking
about a fascinating subject
that is little known,
the power of the
Egyptian postures
that we've seen in
so many depictions.
It's been my understanding
for many years
that the Egyptians acted on
purpose, at least in the very
earliest times before the
fall of the civilization.
Fortunately, some of their
knowledge has been preserved.
Jason, it's so good to
have you back with us.
>> JASON QUITT: Thank
you for having me.
>> REGINA: We just kind of
touched a little bit on that
subject last time as you were--
I think you were just
releasing your book.
But before we even
go there and talk
about these
magnificent postures,
let's talk about you,
your own posture.
Since I saw you, you
have broken your back.
You have completely recovered.
So let's talk about
that for a moment
and then go into how you ended
up in this incredibly esoteric
position.
>> QUITT: Sure.
Well, almost two years
ago, November 2017, I
was preparing for
a trip to Japan.
And I was very stressed.
And I wasn't really
present to my body.
And I wasn't paying attention.
So I was walking at night
with the lights off.
And I, by accidentally,
fell down the stairs.
>> REGINA: Oh jeez.
>> QUITT: Yeah.
I was holding stuff.
And I couldn't
grab onto anything.
And when I landed at the bottom
of the stairs, I couldn't move.
I knew it was very bad.
But I've broken ribs
before and things.
And I didn't know that
I had broken my back.
Luckily, my wife was
there at the time.
And she told me not to move.
She called the ambulance and
I went in to the hospital.
Originally, they took x-rays
and they said, you're fine.
Go home.
And so I was home for over
24 hours with a broken back
walking around
and moving around.
>> REGINA: And what
did it feel like?
>> QUITT: The most
incredible pain.
Any movement would just
put your body into shock.
So not even painkillers at
that time were even helping.
So I woke up one morning and the
doctor called me back and said,
Jason, get back to the
hospital right away.
>> REGINA: They
misread the X-rays.
>> QUITT: They misread
had the X-rays.
>> REGINA: Yikes.
>> QUITT: Not what I wanted to
hear but it was very obvious
that something wasn't
right with my body.
And when they examined
the X-rays again,
they said it was a compound
fracture of the T7 vertebrae.
And I also broke the
backbone as well.
They call this a
three tier break,
which means that basically
the spinal cord is exposed.
So if I were to,
let's say fall again
or even twist the wrong
way, I could have died.
>> REGINA: Oh yeah.
Oh my god.
>> QUITT: So this was
extremely serious.
And in fact, after
they diagnosed that,
I was on one of those
flat board stretchers
for I think about two or
three days before I could even
go into surgery.
Now I have two
titanium rods from my--
what is it-- two below.
It's T5 to T9.
>> REGINA: How's
that at the airport?
>> QUITT: Well, thankfully,
it doesn't go off.
I can still go through.
But I have two titanium rods
and 10 screws down my back.
So it took a lot
for me to even tell
them to go ahead for the
surgery because I was very, very
worried.
You know, could I heal this?
Will my life be impacted?
Well, basically,
I did the surgery
and had a very,
very quick recovery.
I am very, very thankful to
the medical establishment.
You know, they
really fixed me up.
And I think trauma-based
medicine is probably
the best medicine we have.
>> REGINA: No.
I agree with that.
It's excellent for trauma.
>> QUITT: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Just not
chronic diseases.
>> QUITT: That's right.
That's right.
So they really helped me
by correcting the spine,
making me stronger.
But with all the
things that I've
learned my whole life, which
we'll get into more soon,
I put all those things into
practice as well right away.
And you know, I have
to tell everybody
that the most important
thing with healing
that I've discovered
is it really
starts with that mindset.
You know, the moment I got
the diagnosis that my back was
broken, the only
thought in my mind
was I'm going to show
everybody how fast I can heal,
how perfectly I can heal.
That was the only
thought in my mind.
Most people will
think my life is over,
I'll never walk again, a
lot of depressing thoughts.
With me, it wasn't at all.
It was almost like I had this
new challenge in my life,
like I had to overcome
something that I
knew that I could overcome.
I think it was two
days after surgery--
you know, I go around
the world teaching
qigong and these
Egyptian postures.
It's how to move your body to
connect to healing energies,
meditative spiritual energies.
But what happens if
you're paralyzed?
What if you can't
do any postures?
And this was a very,
very big lesson for me
that I had to learn.
And what I did in that
hospital bed was breathe.
I did conscious
breathing meditations.
And what I would do is I
would breathe through my nose,
follow the air with my
mind, bring it right down
into my belly, the
[NON-ENGLISH] area.
And I would just breathe
like this in the hospital
constantly.
And it would put me
into a meditative state.
And something
miraculous happened.
I had this spiritual experience
in the hospital where
I was breathing, just
consciously breathing
into my stomach.
And I entered an altered
state of consciousness.
And I saw this--
it looked like a metal
coil, this spiral.
It was like a
copper metal spiral.
And there was this energetic
field to the right of it.
And as I continued this
breath, with each breath,
the field actually moved
closer and closer to this coil.
And when it touched
the coil, the coil
lit up like a heating element.
So it just lit up like fire.
And when that moment
occurred in this vision,
my entire body lit up with this
fire, this heat that radiated
through every cell in my body.
And it was extremely powerful.
And I knew that I could
send this heat to the parts
of my body that needed to work.
So I focused my mind
right on the fractures
and where I needed
the healing work.
And when I did this, the pain
actually escalated a lot.
>> REGINA: I'm sure it did.
>> QUITT: And I felt the
muscles started to spasm.
And I felt almost like
movements inside my body
like the body was like really
calibrating or recorrecting
itself.
>> REGINA: But it
was acute everywhere.
>> QUITT: Yes.
Yes.
And it was this new
modality I would
say that I started to use
while I was in the hospital
when I couldn't
actually use my body.
I could just use my breath and
my mind to do the healing work.
This is kind of
embarrassing but it just
shows you where my mind
was is that every--
you know, you're paralyzed.
You can't really
move in the bed.
And you have to call
the nurse if you
have to go to the restroom.
Well, I think a couple
days after surgery,
I just said I'm not bothering
her and I just got up
and I walked and
used the washroom.
>> REGINA: Must
have freaked out.
>> QUITT: They were
very upset with me.
My family was upset with me.
Everybody was upset
with me because--
>> REGINA: But you knew because
you could almost feel it
stitching itself back together.
>> QUITT: Yes.
It's like in my mind,
I knew it was possible
even though everybody
was yelling at me.
And once they realized
that I can get out of bed
and walk and do
things by myself,
they had a meeting with all
the surgeons and the doctors.
And they said, well, if
Jason's are able to do this,
we can send him home.
And that also made
my family very upset.
And even my father
said please, just
fake it so you can stay in the
hospital for at least another
week.
>> REGINA: Right.
But you wanted out.
>> QUITT: I wanted out.
>> REGINA: So then how was your
track of healing after you got
home?
>> QUITT: It was very fast.
And most people-- well,
first of all, my wife
did help me a lot with this.
She researches
nutrition a lot so we
knew that to rebuild the body
we had to nutrify myself,
so I was taking
tons of vitamins.
And I knew that I had to move.
I could not stay
stagnant in the bed.
And also I would
say I'm allergic
to pharmaceutical painkillers.
I really can't have
them in my body.
I have--
>> REGINA: I'm
the same with you.
>> QUITT: --severe reactions.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> QUITT: The day I went
home from the hospital,
no more painkillers whatsoever.
I did have a
technology from Italy.
It's a machine called SEQEX.
And it's a pulse
electromagnetic field
device using a science called
ion cyclotron resonance.
And this is technology that is
used to actually stitch bones
back together and bring health.
So I was doing very
natural just using
pulse electromagnetic
field, nutrifying the body,
and doing these meditations.
And I had a goal.
And this is also
very, very important
with healing is you really need
to see yourself doing something
at a specific time.
So I had planned a trip to
go to Japan three months
after I broke my back.
And I knew in my
mind that I would
be well enough to actually
get on a plane for 13 hours.
>> REGINA: That's an
aggressive that good goal.
>> QUITT: But for some reason,
I knew it was possible.
I could see myself doing this.
And I set that as a goal.
And I did.
So literally three months
after breaking my back fully
with no painkillers and
just doing the breathing
meditations, a little
qigong because it's
hard to move after
a broken back,
and doing the pulse
electromagnetic field
therapies--
I even took a video.
About three months later, I
climbed Mount Takao in Japan.
>> REGINA: Good for you.
This is a very impressive story.
This is kind of an aside--
going tangential on you here.
What is it about Japan that
you were trying to get to?
>> QUITT: Well, I go there twice
a year to teach these postures,
to teach qigong.
And I have many students there.
And I love going and teaching.
So I knew I had to go to Japan
just to show my students,
to show everybody that even
at my lowest point in life,
that I could stand back
up and continue the work.
>> REGINA: Well, thank you.
That's actually a really
inspirational story.
I'm sure there are people
who've suffered trauma that
are watching this
saying, yeah, I
wish I'd known that at the time.
Now let's take a
trip back in time,
back to when you
were younger and back
to when you started
realizing you
had this connection with Egypt.
Just tell us the story of
how this body of information
ultimately ended up flowing
into you and through you.
>> QUITT: Sure.
Well, I was always
a little different.
Growing up, I had these I would
say psychic abilities where
I would be able to, let's
say, recall past lives
or have out of body
experiences as a child.
And this intensified
in my early 20s.
And to tell you
the truth, I really
wasn't interested
in Egypt at all.
I had no idea why I was
being called down that road.
But when I first started to
leave my body in my early 20s,
the beings that started
to communicate with me
were focused on healing.
So when I started
to leave my body,
they said to me before I become
who I'm supposed to become,
I need to heal myself.
So the messages were all
about this healing journey.
And when you're getting
messages that you need healing,
you obviously think
that you're sick.
>> REGINA: Were they looking
more at mental, perceptive,
emotional?
What kind of feeling
were they referring to?
>> QUITT: I didn't know at first
so I thought that I was very
sick.
And at the time of my
life, I actually was sick,
or I perceived
myself to be sick.
I had a condition my
whole life called IBS.
And basically, any
food that I would eat
would make me entirely sick
so I was skin and bones.
Literally.
Like right now I am about
6' 4", 6' 5" height.
And sitting here today,
I'm about 200 pounds.
In my early 20s, I
was still 6' 4", 6' 5"
but I was around the 150, 160.
>> REGINA: Oh.
You were skin and bones.
And with IBS, the food
doesn't digest properly.
It just kind of runs
right through you.
So you don't absorb the
nutrients and the calories
and so forth.
>> QUITT: Yes.
So I was basically
a walking skeleton.
I was very sick.
I also had learning
disabilities.
It was very hard for
me to read and write.
And I also stuttered
very badly when I spoke.
So I had these
conditions that I lived
with basically my whole
life that I just considered
my everyday normal life.
So when these beings started
to communicate with me
and tell me I needed to heal, I
made appointments with doctors
to figure out what
was wrong with me.
And basically, all the
tests came back as Jason,
you're completely healthy.
The reason you're so
skinny and the reason
you have IBS and these issues
is because you're under stress.
So that was the diagnosis.
So I knew that maybe
this wasn't the area
that I was supposed to search
for to find my healing.
So when I had the opportunity to
speak with these beings again,
they said to me that I
needed to heal my energy.
And they were telling
me that my energy is
very weak and distorted
and that because of this, I
will continue to be sick.
And until I strengthen
my energy fields,
I will continue down this
road which is not a good road.
And they actually told
me to learn qigong.
It was one of the
first things they told
me to look into was qigong.
And luckily for me,
I had a cousin--
or I still have a cousin
who teaches qigong.
>> REGINA: Cassandra.
>> QUITT: Sandra.
So she was actually
very excited that what
I was interested in
learning because we
started to take classes
together almost right away.
But also I was told
about nutrition and food.
And very interestingly,
they said
that it's not just
the food that's
the problem here on Earth.
It's the energy that the
food and water accumulates
before it reaches the
table and you eat it.
So they were telling me
that that energy is also
disruptive to our bodies
and that before we
eat it or consume it,
we have to almost--
the best word to describe
it is to pray over
that food and water.
They literally told me to
put my hands over the food
and connect with the energy of
the food until I can feel it.
And it just feels like a bubble.
And once you can feel that
bubble around the food, what
you do is you take that bubble,
and you thank that energy.
You release it.
You literally pull
it out of the food.
And then you call on pure
energies, purifying energies,
healing energies.
And then you feel it.
It comes into the hands
like another bubble.
And then you place it.
>> REGINA: This is interesting
because most of the time when
you see people praying
over their food,
it's just thank you.
You're putting some energy
into it and you're done.
So you don't see the process
where you're actually pulling
out the distorted energies.
Now were they talking
about food that's
kind of industrial
type of agriculture
or even the most gentle
and careful organic foods?
>> QUITT: They said try your
best to eat only organic
and drink only the purest water.
But even then, they say that
food and water holds memory.
>> REGINA: Ooh.
OK.
This is what's so interesting.
And it just came up in a
conversation the other day
actually that here this
planet is covered with water.
And we don't stop and think--
when we think of something
like homeopathy
where we can directly
program fluids
and water to carry
very specific energetic
information for healing
and such, we don't
stop and think
all of the bodies of water are
being programmed constantly.
Did they talk to you about this
or show you what this does?
>> QUITT: Yes.
And this is why they say
it's very important that we
clear that memory and
put new energy into it.
And they were even saying
that, let's say for example you
go to a restaurant that's an
organic restaurant with very
good food.
But what if the chef is
having a really bad day?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> QUITT: They're putting
that energy into that food.
And if you consume
that energy, you
may react emotionally,
mentally, and it may actually
make you sick.
And it's not actually
contamination of the food.
It's contaminated with energy.
>> REGINA: That makes
total sense to me.
For years I wondered why it is
that when I went out to eat,
I never felt as good as when
I made my own food at home.
And I thought, that's weird,
I mean because I love food.
I love dining out.
But it never settled as well.
And that makes perfect
sense because you
have to deal with the
energy load of what's
going on in that establishment--
the chef, the sous chef,
the dishwashers, and
everybody else that
are in there together.
>> QUITT: It's like when you're
sick and your grandmother will
make you a soup.
There's so much
love in that soup
that is better than any
medicine anybody can give you.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
That intention towards you.
So this brings up
Emoto's work and what
he did with water and the
beautiful crystallization
patterns he created with high
thoughts, vibrations, and love.
So we're kind of right back
to Masaru Emoto's work as
having some really deep value.
>> QUITT: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So these beings, they led
me on a path of this healing
journey of discovering of
what's in this world that
affects our energetic system.
And they also spoke
about how the air is
full of radiation,
radio waves, microwaves,
and that it affects
us over time.
It starts to break down
our energetic systems.
So they also said that qigong
and having the proper mineral
balance--
food in the body will strengthen
our electromagnetic field
so we become--
I wouldn't say immune
to it but we'll
have a greater
defense energetically
to the onslaught of energies
in our environment as well.
>> REGINA: Did they give you
any specific information about
the type or spectrum
of, for example,
minerals that generally benefits
humanity at this time when
we're being challenged?
>> QUITT: They actually showed
me-- it was almost like a harp.
And this is how
they described it.
They showed that each
metal element that makes up
the human body is
a string on a harp
and that the harp
needs to be very strong
and play a beautiful song.
And they say when you're
deficient in certain elements,
the string is weakened and
the melody and the harmony
of the body goes all out.
So we actually need
a complete balance
of minerals in the
right spectrum.
So it's not one or the other.
But as long as we could
have the full spectrum,
then we can start to even be
strong and channel energies
because think of each
string as, let's say,
a connection to a universal
energy so each element
connects a certain
vibration into your body.
If you are deficient or if you
have too much of that element,
it's going to cause a
disruption on the entire harp.
>> REGINA: That
makes total sense.
And it brings to mind some
of the more simple complexes.
Like I think there's
one years ago called
cell food, which is trace
minerals from the sea.
And so is that kind of
what they're talking about,
these nature-based spectrums?
>> QUITT: Yes.
Yes.
Seawater.
The minerals in there
are very, very important.
In fact, we're basically
walking sea water.
>> REGINA: Right.
So it seems like something
as simple as cell food
and putting a few drops
in our water each day
might serve that
because it seems
like one road we've
gone down is more
is better and just slamming
loads and loads of nutrients
and vitamins and minerals
without any real guidance
when, in fact, oftentimes
it is really just
the most perfect micro
doses in balance that
seems to do the trick.
And it's always
finding that balance.
And nature has already found it.
>> QUITT: That's right.
And you know, you could take
very expensive vitamins.
Your body is going to release
probably 99% of those.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Right.
So just a little goes a long way
when it comes to these things.
Yeah.
Well, thank you for that.
That's really
useful information.
So let's go on to the point
where Egyptians started
showing up in your dreams.
>> QUITT: So at this point,
I've been practicing a Chinese
version of qigong
called chi lao.
And I have been practicing
that for many years.
And I started to get very
sensitive where I could feel
the energy in my environment.
I could feel the energy
running through my body.
So this was very amazing to me
that I could actually feel it.
It's one thing knowing
mentally about energy.
But it's another thing to
actually experience it and feel
it moving through the body.
I was at a health
show many years ago.
And there was a booth
that was selling
a product called a shungite.
It's a Russian stone.
It's a black carbon.
And at their booth, they had
these statues or pictures
of statues of these
statues holding cylinders.
And the gentleman at the booth
saw that I was interested.
And he actually handed me
a pair of these cylinders.
And once I put
them in my hand, I
could feel this fire, this
heat, building in my stomach.
And I knew that
feeling very well
because that's what I feel
after doing qigong practice
for at least a half an hour.
So I knew that there
was something to this.
It was like charging a battery
just holding these cylinders.
So I would go home
with these cylinders.
I had no idea what I
was doing by the way.
I was just playing with them.
And I would just
stand and hold them.
And I would feel the energy
moving through my body.
But I would experience
pain in certain locations.
And I know from
different modalities
they say pain is where the
energy hits the blockages.
So I knew that just by
holding these cylinders
it was pushing energy to
places that needed work.
So I would actually
stand in my room
and just move the postures--
move the cylinders
around with my arms
until I could feel
the pain get worse.
When it hit the pain,
I held the posture.
And when I held the posture, I
could feel the energy building
up underneath the pain.
And it would actually push
the pain out of my body.
And this was a big
eureka moment for me
because it showed me that pain
had this energetic side to it
and that I could remove pain
from my body using energy.
So I knew I was onto something.
And this was when
the journey changed.
And at that time, I was
having out of body experiences
traveling to many places.
But this time when
I went to sleep,
I would be projected to
a temple that I can only
describe as in Egypt.
For me, it felt like a
past life remembering
where I was standing in a temple
with someone that looked just
like the statues,
like a pharaoh.
And they would be standing in
front of me holding a posture.
They never spoke to me.
All they did was they just
stood there in a posture.
And I knew that I just had to
copy whatever they're doing.
And that's what I did.
So I just stood
in front of them.
I copied the posture that
they were showing me.
And when I would copy them, it
felt like this thing would just
open up above my head.
And it would feel like
a waterfall, but not
a waterfall like water.
It would feel like--
can only describe
it as like photons,
just these little
packets of heat
running through the
body very, very fast.
It was a very
powerful experience.
And my physical body
would actually vibrate.
And when I would
wake up in my bed,
I would actually still
be holding the posture
from the journey still vibrating
with this energy flow coming
through.
And when I would
break the posture,
the energy would just shut
off so I knew that this
was something very unique.
I've never experienced
this before.
I've never felt anything
like this before.
>> REGINA: And you
were being taught.
>> QUITT: And I
was being taught.
So I would start to
practice these postures that
were being shown to me.
I would record them.
And I think everybody
has an Egyptian book
at home somewhere.
And I went to an Egyptian
book I had downstairs
and I started flipping
through the pictures.
And I saw these statues.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
>> QUITT: And they're holding
the same postures that are
being shown to me.
And it was just this
light bulb moment
was that these statues were
some type of modality of energy
that was very ancient.
And I kind of went on a path
of I went to the libraries.
I took out all these
Egyptian books.
I was just flipping through
them and scanning any statue
that I found and just compiling
all these different postures.
And once I had
enough information
from what was being taught
to me in these out of body
experiences and what I
found in the library,
I took it to Sandra, which is
my cousin who teaches qigong.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> QUITT: But she's also an
incredibly intuitive channeler,
to my advantage.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> QUITT: That was really good.
And I showed her
all these things.
And she started
to channel for me.
And she was actually
saying, OK, this posture
has to go with this posture.
And it has to go in this order.
And this posture means this.
And when you do
this posture, this
is what happens to the body.
So we started to actually
compile and bring back
all this information of
what are these postures.
And as we started to
do this, we started
to have past life rememberings
as well that we were actually
connected to each
other back in Egypt
where we were brother
and sisters in that life.
And we actually
taught this before.
So it's almost like we have
this cellular knowledge that
stays with us from past lives.
>> REGINA: As you're talking,
I'm having flashbacks.
I was in Israel.
And I was in Ankara.
I'm at the Cave of
John the Baptist
where he was supposed to--
it's the cave they now have
a monastery around where
he was said to have done his
visioning out in the wild
because it's kind of hilly.
And it's outside of
Jerusalem and all that.
I love caves.
Went in.
And I went in--
and there was no
one around at all,
which was weird to begin with--
and sat down on this
teeny little stool.
And then everything started.
I closed my eyes and a being
sunk down from the ceiling.
I started being-- well,
what happened was suddenly
my mind was almost co-opted.
And it was showing me this.
It was very, very fast
like a reel of film
in frames showing me
all the hand postures.
And at the time, I intuitively
knew what they all meant.
And it was downloaded
into my aura.
But that was it.
I never understood
it beyond that.
And I never really went
back and visited it.
And so as you're
talking about this now,
I'm thinking,
well, that would be
quite an interesting journey.
It's in my aura.
It's been downloaded there.
And it was showing the
meaning behind this.
But it was mostly focusing on
the upper body and the hand
gestures.
>> QUITT: Yeah.
And if you look at the
statues not just from Egypt
but from all over
the world, you'll
see them in various
hand postures, mudras.
And these are all, I would
say, methods of a lost art,
of connecting to energy
through the body.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And was it Sandra that told
you or did the beings that
visited you tell you that
these particular postures were
beyond ancient?
They had been brought initially
from another star system,
from the Pleiades, and
then certainly used
through Atlantean times and
then into Egyptian times
and so forth.
>> QUITT: Yeah.
It was an incredible story.
And this was a channeling
done by Sandra.
And basically what she said
is that the high priests
of Atlantis knew for
hundreds of years
even that there was a
fall coming to Atlantis.
And they had open communication
with a group of beings
known as the Pleiadians.
And you know, if you've
watched "Ancient Aliens,"
you think, hey, there's a
spaceship landing on the Earth.
That wasn't what happened.
These priests were connected
through a means of telepathy
and channeling to these beings.
And it was decided that they
would try this new experiment,
which is let's give or let's
create a set of postures that
will transform the
electromagnetic fields
of mankind because what they
believed was that if we can
alter and change our
electromagnetic fields,
we would alter and
change our consciousness.
And by altering/changing
our consciousness,
we could actually
shift the timelines
and not go through that fall.
So this is the philosophy of
why these postures have been
channeled to the Atlanteans.
Obviously, they did
go through the fall.
>> REGINA: They did and
through natural catastrophe.
And my understanding, and
it's written elsewhere as
well, certainly in
the Hermetics as well,
that there were three stages
of loss of that continent
from the top, sinking, destroyed
and each in a different way.
And I think many of us
were there at that time.
I was.
And I have remembrances
of the fall
during the middle
part that chunked off
and everything kind of fried.
And so that's deep trauma within
our beings that is still held.
>> QUITT: Yes.
In fact, they said that the
world we live in today we
can say is a mirror image
of the end of Atlantis
and they're saying many
souls have incarnated now--
>> REGINA: Very many.
Yes.
A lot of people
watching this included.
Yes.
>> QUITT: --to go through a
type of healing so that we
don't have to carry those
energies forward so we can heal
the past from Atlantis.
And they said that the
postures and these philosophies
were so important to
the record keepers
that it was actually
brought through
into Egypt after the fall.
>> REGINA: Well, that's what
my intuitive guides have said
for many, many years is to pay
very close attention to what is
preserved through the
Egyptian texts of all kinds,
whether it's pictographs, and
hieroglyphics, and so forth,
because they laid these down
with intention to be used
through the ages and
to be rediscovered,
which you are among
those who've done this.
>> QUITT: And the most important
things that need to stay with
our consciousness are
recorded in stone.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
Yeah.
>> QUITT: And if you look
at the statues from Egypt,
the ones that are
doing all the postures,
holding sacred objects,
they are cut out of
very hard stone granite
>> REGINA: That can survive
many thousands of years.
>> QUITT: The only people that
can carve them had to be high
priests.
They can never be altered so
you can see a statue that's
1,000 years older than another
statue but they're identical.
So the statues
cannot be altered.
And then in later
periods when knowledge
was going to be destroyed
by other cultures--
you could see this in all the
museums around the world--
they would chisel the faces off.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> QUITT: They wou8ld chisel
the hands and the feet off.
So it was to hide
the meanings or what
are they holding,
where are they looking,
what is their feet posture.
So there has been a lot of loss.
But I am under the impression
that nothing in this world
could ever be lost.
>> REGINA: I agree with you.
>> QUITT: It's always here.
So you hear stories
now of people in Iraq
destroying archaeological sites.
>> REGINA: Oh god.
The city of Ur.
Terrible.
>> QUITT: And you know,
it hurts to see this.
But what they don't understand
is that these memories
are encoded with mankind.
And there is nothing that
can erase those memories.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> QUITT: And there will always
be individuals like myself,
like you, like others that will
have this memory and bring it
back.
And I believe this
is what's happened
with the Egyptian postures.
>> REGINA: I believe
you're right.
So we start with the
concept that, first of all,
these were left to be able
to raise our vibrations
and also with the notion that
we as human beings and bodies
are living live
antenna for energy.
Right.
So let's go ahead
and begin there.
And then we're going to start
showing some of these postures.
And you can explain what
they're meant to do.
>> QUITT: Sure.
So our bodies are
literal antennas.
And what's beautiful about
the planet we live on
is we're bathed in
electromagnetic radiation.
We have the ions coming in
from the ionosphere in the sun.
And the Earth I would say
is a negative polarity.
It pulls us down.
It pulls energy down
towards the earth.
So we have two feet
flat on the earth.
And it has this pulling
effect, this negative polarity.
Our arms and our hands, when
we stick them up into the air,
we're entering into a mostly
positive ionized atmosphere.
And when you have the
combination of the pulling,
the negative polarity
pulling through the feet,
and the hands in the
air and the atmosphere,
you are creating this
energetic flow, this almost
like transistor of energy
running through the body that
creates almost like a cell, a
battery of electric life force.
So we are also
oscillating frequencies.
Our minds, what we
think, our emotions,
the wounds that we carry are
vibrational patterns that
are sent into our environment.
So what we carry
actually creates
an electromagnetic
field around us.
And that electromagnetic field
around us creates our reality.
It brings things to us that
we're basically calling out
into the environment.
So if we have a lot
of wounded energies,
we may be calling in those
frequencies and vibrations
into our lives, whereas if
we have a healed and strong
vibration, we may be calling in
those energies into our lives.
So what I was taught
was that the way energy
moves through the body is
actually very determined
on not only the mind and the
emotions, the state of being,
but the geometry of
the physical form.
And if you're
standing in a posture,
we have very sacred geometry
running through our bodies.
We are the microcosm of the
macrocosm, so above, so below.
And when we change
our posture, we
change the way energy
moves through our body.
And if we stand in a posture
and hold that posture,
we're actually
creating a frequency.
And we're generating an
electromagnetic field
around the body in
that frequency range.
So this is a very, very ancient
science of the physical form.
And if we knew the step
one, step two, step three,
if we knew the code
or the song of which
postures to stand
in which order,
we can actually create
new electromagnetic fields
around our body with
specific intent.
So we're really taking our
energies back into our hands
and setting up our energy
fields to perform certain tasks.
So you know, this is a--
>> REGINA: Very powerful.
>> QUITT: It's a
very deep science.
Yes.
And I can't tell
people what it's
going to do for them, because
every single person is
different.
And every single person carries
a unique energy signature.
So when a person
practices it, they
may not get the
same result as me.
But they're going to get their
unique results because they
are shifting, and
changing, and rebuilding
their own electronic structure.
>> REGINA: Right.
And that particular
geometric pattern
may be reinforcing something
completely different in them--
>> QUITT: That's correct.
>> REGINA: --or you
or someone else.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
Well, shall we dive into
some of the postures
that you were shown and
that you use in your book?
Also displays.
So the first one I think
we're going to go to is--
let's see here.
It's the left foot of Ra is
the one I have written down.
And also this is to bring us in
alignment with earth energies
and cosmic energies as well.
Is that correct?
>> QUITT: That's correct.
Yeah.
The way that I was taught
the left foot of Ra
is that we have two
polarities in the body.
And when we put the
left foot forward,
we enter into receiving mode.
>> REGINA: OK.
Left foot forward,
receiving mode.
Let's take a look at this.
OK.
We have a little
video clip on them.
Interesting.
Repeatedly, when
we look at these,
I think the average person
looking at it when we're
passing through a museum
says, oh, they got them
while they were walking.
And you know,
clearly, especially
considering the Egyptians
doing things for purpose.
And you see here their hands
in this case are straight.
Their arms are straight down.
And their fists are closed.
Right.
And so tell us about the
fist closed left foot forward
versus right angle arms which
you show in the posture.
>> QUITT: Sure.
But you also notice
in the statues
that they're not wearing shoes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Of course, they're barefoot.
>> QUITT: And most
of the statues,
they're barely wearing
any clothing as well.
It's not because they
couldn't wear these things.
It's because they wanted
their feet touching the earth
on sands or on granite.
And it's because granite is high
in quartz, it's piezoelectric,
they're getting that ionization,
that real strong pull
of energy.
Also, they wanted the
sun to touch their skin.
The ions of the
sun, the photons,
was nurturing and feeding them.
So they were charging.
And when you see their hands
close, if you look carefully,
they're holding these objects.
And these objects, I would say,
they're resonant of the earth
so they're actually really
connecting their energies
to the earth energies.
And it's causing this charge.
So if you look at
them, really they're
showing you that the
human body is a battery.
And they're taking this
energy in for vitality,
for health, and also
for spiritual purposes.
>> REGINA: So let's look
at the notion of receiving.
>> QUITT: Yes.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> QUITT: Yeah.
So when the left foot
forward is in receiving mode,
it's activating the right
hemispheres of the brain.
It's actually connecting
you to your environment,
which is very, very important.
So what you're doing is you're
opening up your whole energy
system just by putting
your left foot forward.
>> REGINA: Isn't it amazing how
really simple it all is but how
incredibly profound it is?
>> QUITT: Yeah.
And one of the biggest
rules is healing
is supposed to be simple.
We're built to heal.
We have an immune system
that heals all the time.
So why should healing
be complicated?
This is the way we're built.
It's not some out of this world
crazy hard posture you need
to get into to receive energy.
You receive energy all the time
just by putting your left foot
forward.
>> REGINA: OK.
And step the right foot forward.
OK.
Just a little pun there.
And I noticed too even when
holding stones, or crystals,
or objects that for me the
receiving hand is always
the left hand.
>> QUITT: Yes.
>> REGINA: And information
flows from the left hand.
And then the projecting
hand is the right hand.
>> QUITT: Yes.
And they actually say you
have more nerve endings
in the left side of
your body because that
is the flow or the
natural flow that energy
enters in through the left
and out through the right.
It's almost like
an energy breath.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> QUITT: Yes.
So now the next one we're going
to is the Salute to the Sun.
>> QUITT: Yes.
>> REGINA: Is that a decent
sequence we can go from?
>> QUITT: Sure.
>> REGINA: So we'll take
a look at that and tell us
the characteristics of
this and what this does.
>> QUITT: Sure.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[WAVES CRASHING]
>> REGINA: That's fascinating.
It just clicked again.
That's something that our
own guide showed us ages ago.
Very, very similar.
So let's talk about
that sequence.
First of all, most people
think, oh, Sun Salutation.
And they're thinking
of yoga, of course.
This is different.
So let's talk about the postures
and the simplicity going
through it again with the
hands palms up to the side
and to the whole sequence.
>> QUITT: Sure.
Well, the Salute to the Sun
posture which you just saw
is actually a pose
that's in artwork
found all over the world.
It's not just Egypt.
It's a very popular posture.
And what they're saying is that
when you hold this posture,
the Salute to the Sun posture
with your hands up facing
the sky, again what you're doing
is you're pulling down that--
we'll call it higher energy,
the energy in the atmosphere.
You're pulling the polarity
of the sky or the heavens
into the body.
And you're actually pulling
energies up from the earth
through the body.
And the combination of
those two polarities,
they connect in the
[NON-ENGLISH] in the stomach
area.
And it starts to purify
the energies of the body.
So it's like you're mixing
the two polarities--
the two highest polarities
of the earth and the sky.
You're bringing them
within, internalizing them,
transforming that energy.
And then it starts to flow
through the whole body
to purify you.
>> REGINA: And so OK.
So you have your
hands like this.
But then they come
together and then down.
Let's talk about that
part of the sequence.
>> QUITT: Sure.
What we're doing is you're
seeing the conclusion there.
So what we're doing is
we're bringing the hands
up to a prayer posture.
And then we're actually
taking the hands
and we're opening
it above the head.
And what we're doing is we're
holding the disk of the sun.
Now the disk of the sun is a
concept of the higher chakra.
So there is a chakra
above our heads.
We call it the disk of the sun.
And this is one of our most
powerful chakras of the body.
It connects to the celestial
forces, the fire energy,
the higher self-consciousness.
And when you're
opening your hands
to hold the disk
of the sun, you're
channeling and bringing down
that fire, that consciousness,
through the body, which again
has a purifying awakening
effect to the body.
So as we're like this
and we're holding it,
at the conclusion
there we're actually
saying a mantra in our
minds or we can actually
say the mantra out loud.
And the mantra is called Ra ha.
And the message I
got with Ra ha is
that this mantra organizes
the energies of the body
and places you in
fields of protection
to hold this new energy that's
been channeled into the body.
And then what we do is
we take that energy,
the Ra ha, and we put
it into prayer posture,
basically sealing
that frequency,
bringing-- as we
bring that down, we're
bringing the channel.
There's a channel of
energy that runs down
through the center of the body.
We're bringing that energy
down the channel of the body
to the heart, which is the
center of our universe.
It's also the connecting
to the universe.
And then what we do is we
close our hands in a fist
and place it over the
heart, which seals.
So this is a sealing posture
that seals the energies
into the heart.
>> REGINA: Does it matter
which hand is over?
>>QUITT: It does not
matter which hand is over.
And the way that I was shown is
that you just close your eyes
and do it naturally.
And whatever hand goes
first for you, that's it.
>>REGINA: OK.
And I noticed that for myself.
If I'm out there in the
morning and looking at the sun
as it comes over
the horizon, that
is just a spontaneous thing that
happens to have the hands open,
and almost like a big
stretch over the head,
and bring that energy down.
I think people all over the
world just spontaneously,
naturally do this.
>>QUITT: Have you
ever seen a blue heron
in the middle of the day with
its wings opened at the sun
to warm up?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>>QUITT: You'll see birds--
many birds, actually,
doing this, just
standing there at the sun
with their wings open.
>>REGINA: So we can begin
to charge ourselves.
And everyone can feel the
freedom, and the power,
and then allowing the energies
of the cosmos and the sun
to hit the hands and to
bring it into the body.
>>QUITT: Yes.
And what is the symbol
of ka in ancient Egypt?
The symbol of ka-- ka
means energy, life force.
And the symbol of ka is actually
the two hands up to the sky
like this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>QUITT: And anybody
at home can try this.
We're built for this.
It's not an exercise.
All we have to do is when we
put our hands up in the air,
we start to receive that energy.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And I would find
through the years
when I was going into a
really deep meditation,
that my hands were almost
acting independently for me.
Where I was really
going into the zone,
I would find that my
hands would come up.
And even when I'd
come out of it,
they might still be
in this position.
And they would be
And sometimes they go
almost like a little tuning
of receiving discs
and were, I am
assuming, bringing
that information
through from the body into view.
>>QUITT: Do you remember
back in the day,
they had the little
bunny ear antennas on TV?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yeah, that's what it's like.
Yeah.
>>QUITT: You have to--
changed to get the channel.
it's exactly the same
as the human body.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Well, that's how I've
personally experienced it
through the years, just this
little subtle tweaking, a hand
going lower, coming back up.
And I'm thinking, what are
my hands doing while I'm
looking at this stuff?
But they're bringing
that energy in.
Yeah.
>>QUITT: And this
is what I used to do
for myself as a meditation
practice, is instead of doing
the forms that I was
taught, what I would do
is I would say the energy
changes moment to moment.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>QUITT: And
depending on what you
eat, how much water is in your
body, the location on Earth,
you may need a very
specific energy.
So what I would do is I would
meditate and try to feel.
What energy posture do
I need at this moment,
so my body would actually
take over and tune itself?
>>REGINA: It does.
Yeah, exactly.
I love it.
So, OK, now we're going
to the Heart Pulsar.
>>QUITT: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about what this one is.
Take a look at it.
And then you can--
>>QUITT: Sure.
>>REGINA: --explain
it at the same time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
So very simply, again.
>>QUITT: Very simply.
Again, we're placing the hands.
Oh, sorry, over.
>>REGINA: Your mic
is right there,
just so we don't blow out.
Yeah.
>>QUITT: So basically,
you're putting the hands
over the heart.
And what we're doing is it's
almost like a pulsation effect.
So we're meditating.
We're taking breaths.
And this time our hands are
actually touching the heart.
And basically, you
breathe, let's say, three
in and out breaths.
And then you open the
hands over the heart.
And what that will
do is it creates
this kind of pulsation
effect over the heart, which
breaks down energetic
blockages around the heart.
Because the heart is
very, very important
for our energetic system.
It's our connection
to the universe.
It's our connection to our
environment, people around us
to ourselves.
So it's a very important area of
the body that needs attention,
especially energetic attention.
>>REGINA: And we just
take it for granted
and assume it'll keep pumping
until it stops, right?
[LAUGHTER]
But the fact is, when
your energy is really low
or if you've been crushed or
traumatized by events in life,
the energy of the heart feels
very diminished and weak.
And so I'm assuming
you're saying that
in doing this posture,
we can start enlivening
the energy of the heart again.
>>QUITT: Yes, it's
almost like awakening
the energy of the heart.
And when you have your hands
closed, you're building energy.
When you have the hands opened,
you're transferring the energy.
So it's this kind of
energetic polarity again
that starts to
open and break down
the blockages around the
heart, which allows a greater
flow of consciousness
of energy to flow
through the entire body.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Now, let's go to
Wings of the Pharaoh.
>>QUITT: Sure.
>>REGINA: Because we're running
toward the end of the show.
And I want to get this stuff in.
so Wings of the Pharaoh.
>>QUITT: Of course.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
This is a very
spiritual posture.
And it works on opening up
the higher consciousness self.
It works on helping to
enhance the spiritual energies
of the dreamworld.
It also prepares your energy
for out-of-body experiences,
which is astral travel
or dimensional travel.
And it's also very good for
clearing out old memories,
so it is--
>>REGINA: Subconscious?
>>QUITT: --subconscious
memories.
I'll say like past life
memories, traumas, wounds.
It's a very good
posture for that.
And also, it's very
helpful, I believe,
for people that may
suffer with addictions.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>QUITT: Yes.
>>REGINA: In this motion,
you're pushing the energy away
as you go this direction.
Whichever direction you go,
you're pushing the energy away.
>>QUITT: Yes.
So it's almost like you're
expanding the spiritual fields.
Think of it like you're almost
expanding the auric field out.
>>REGINA: OK, then
Disc of the Sun.
We talked a little bit about
this Disc of the Sun before.
>>QUITT: Yes.
>>REGINA: This will be the final
one we'll have time to look at.
So let's look at
Disc of the Sun.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
That's powerful.
>>QUITT: Yes.
This one is very special.
Because, yes, we have this
chakra above our heads
that connects to this very
powerful celestial energy.
But we can move this chakra.
So we can actually
take the chakra
and bring it down, through
the rest of the chakra system.
So we're taking
the higher chakra
and pulling it down, through
the rest of the chakra
system, which ignites every
chakra with that healing fire
energy.
It purifies the entire body.
And then when it goes through
the chakras, it goes--
pops right back up,
above your head.
>>REGINA: I love it.
OK, so as we're just
about out of time here,
so have you-- is this kind
of an Egyptian qigong,
so to speak, that
you've created?
>>QUITT: I would say it's
an Egyptian qigong that I've
remembered.
>>REGINA: That
you've remembered?
Yes, that you've remembered.
And so you can do
these individually
or you can flow between
these postures, right?
>>QUITT: Yes.
Yeah, I would say it's a very
powerful energetic practice
to get to know
your own energies.
It's extremely
important, I believe.
And it enhances your gifts.
It enhances your life force.
And it makes you more
sensitive to energy.
So the more we work on our
energy, it's like a muscle
that we're strengthening,
where we can actually
feel and have this psychic
intuition from the energies
in us and around us.
>>REGINA: Well, I can certainly
appreciate it and also validate
much of what you
say through having
used these postures, just
spontaneously and inadvertently
in some cases, through the
years and the power that
is created within the body.
And also, as you say, the
faculties begin opening up.
It's really beautiful work.
I'm so happy that you were able
to use your own work to heal
your body so beautifully.
>>QUITT: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Again, "Egyptian
Postures of Power."
I hope you found
this conversation
both inspirational
and useful as I have.
For more information, you
can go to thecrystalsun.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]